Privacy Policy
 This Privacy Policy is provided By  SteemAsk to let you know our procedures on how we handle information we get from you when you access and use our services or when you Interact with us.
By  accessing  or  using  our  Service,  you  agree  to  the  information  collection,  disclosure  and  usage as  explained  in  this  Privacy  Policy.

Information Collection
In the course of using our site or services, We may collect and store some of your information. These Information may include your IP address, user-agent string, operating system, device information (e.g., device IDs), links clicked, pages visited, user interactions, the requested URL, referral URLs, hardware settings, search terms etc.

Information from Cookies
Just like many sites,We may receive information from cookies. cookies are pieces of data your device stores about websites you visit and sends back to us when we make requests for it. We use this information to improve your usage experience, understand user activity, and improve the quality of our Service delivery.  
However, You may instruct your browser to stop accepting cookies from our site or any site. You can also set it to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.

How We Use Your Information
We use your information to further improve our services and give you a better user experience.
We do not sell or rent your personal information to anybody or group of persons for any reason.
However we may disclose some part of your information to the Government Authorities if Requested.

Security 
Steemask takes your security serious and thereby takes a lot of reasonable steps to help protect and secure the information it collects and stores about Steemask Users. In addition to this, we make sure that All access to the Site as well as all information transmission and data are  well encrypted. 

Changes To Policy
  We have all the right to  update  this  Privacy  Policy  at  any  time  we deem fit and  all  changes  will  be  effective  upon  posting.  In  the  event  that  there  are  material  changes  to  the  way  we  treat  your  Personal  Information,  we  will  display  a  notice  through  the  SteemAsk forum prior  to  the  change  becoming  effective.  However,  we  will  use  your  Personal  Information  in  a  manner  consistent  with  the  Privacy  Policy  in  effect  at  the  time  you  submitted  the  information Until  you  agree  to  the  new  or  revised  policy.  

Contacting Us
You can contact the lead developer on discord: @profchydon#3371

