Steemask Terms Of Service

This Steemask terms of service apply to your access and use of Steemask or any of the other products or services related to Steemask.
By using any of our services, you therefore agree to these terms of service.

Account Registration
You need a steemit account to use steemask services. After account creation, it is your sole responsibility to keep your account safe and sound.

Accuracy of materials
we try as much as we can to make sure that everything on our site is accurate  but however some materials on the Services could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. We do not take responsibility for anything this might cause the user.

Adult-Oriented Content
Steemask does not allow, patronize,  post or promote any adult content on our forum or any of our services.

Disclaimer
We do not take responsibilities for the actions  your post and interaction on our forum. Visit our Disclaimer page to learn more about this.

Discontinuation of Services
We can decide to discontinue any of our service to you or every user at anytime . this might be due to feedback from users or any other reasons.

Eligibility
Steemask services are basically for people that are up to the age of  18.
Limitations
Steemask cannot be held responsible for your actions, decisions and outcome of events  as a result of using our services.

Links
We do not take responsibilities for anything that happens as a result of an external link from the steemask forum. All actions outside Steemask is solely your responsibilities.

Modifications
We can decide  to modify or change this Steemask Terms of Service at any time we deem fit. 
You can always check this page for an updated or modified version.

Privacy Policy
Please refer to our privacy policy page to learn how we collect, use and disclose information that you provide. 

Service Cost
Steemask and all the services that comes with it are totally free for all users irrespective of nationality, age or gender. However you can decide to carry out any transaction at your own risk with any user.

Suspension or Termination of Service
We might at any time decide to suspend or completely terminate any of our services to any user or all users as we deem fit.

Site Content
Steemask does not control, are not responsible for and make no representations or warranties with respect to any user content. You are solely responsible for your access to, use of and/or reliance on any user content. 

Terms
Steemask forum and all It’s services is a property of Steemask. By accessing and using any of steemask  services, you are bound by these terms and service and is responsible for compliance with any applicable local law.

User conduct
By using steemask, you agree to been responsible and respecting other users opinion. Any misconduct might lead to your suspension and possible dismissal.

You can check our FAQ, Disclaimer page and Privacy policy page to learn more 
Feel free to contact us via the following:
On Discord: https://discord.gg/GQRAzav
Github: https://github.com/profchydon/Steemask


