SteemAsk Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
This is a summary of frequently asked questions for steemask

What is Steemask
SteemAsk is a decentralized question and answer forum built on the steem blockchain that provides the required platform much like a stack overflow for users to ask question and get replies from other users. 

How it works
SteemAsk works exactly like every other question and answer forum, but on SteemAsk:
•	Users can upvote questions and answers they find really helpful.
•	Users can check payout for their and any other account
•	Users can trade Steem and SBD in the marketplace.


What makes Steemask Unique?
Unlike most question and answer forums, You can get rewarded when you ask good questions or provide meaningful solution to other users. This might earn you upvotes from other users.

How do I create a Steemask account?
Since steemask is on the steem blockchain, you first need to create a steemit.com account and then use the details on steemask.

What is steemit.com?
Steemit.com is a blockchain-based social media platform that allows anyone to earn  Author rewards by either blogging, posting videos, images, memes, commenting or through curation rewards by upvoting other authors work.  The steem blockchain holds earned cryptocurrency tokens called STEEM and STEEM DOLLARS.

What is steem?
Steem Is the basic liquid cryptocurrency used to power the whole steemit system.
It can be converted to Steem Dollars or Steem Power.

What is Steem Dollar?
Steem dollars also known as SBD  is the currency of the Steemit platform,
It is called Steem Dollar because 1 Steem dollar represents any amount of Steem required to reach 1 USD depending on the exchange rate at that time (more or less). 


What is Steem Power?
Steem power Also known as SP in short, is basically a token symbolizing how much influence you have inside the Steemit platform. If you have a lot of SP your upvotes will count more and will award different authors SP and Steem dollars as well. 


Can I choose a different username on steemask?
You can only use your steemit username on steemask.

What If I lose my password?
We cannot generate a new password for you. It is therefore advisable that you treat your password with care.

Is my key/information safe with steemask?
All your keys/information are safe. We use a secured interface called steemconnect to log you in.



Feel free to contact us via the following:
On Discord: https://discord.gg/GQRAzav
Github: https://github.com/profchydon/steemask




